all right a little closer together come
on smile that's it hold it it is
terrific
Columbia Pictures presents Dustin
Hoffman and Meryl Streep in Kramer vs
Kramer
[Music]
I'm leaving you what's this some kind of
joke
did you know that all the best chefs are
men oh that's all right you like your
french toast crunchy don't you I want my
son you can't have what makes you so
sure he doesn't warn me the other
mothers were there before you it will
never happen again
okay I'm not saying he doesn't need his
father but I really believe he needs me
more my wife says that she loves Billy
and I believe she does but I'd like to
know what law is it that says that a
woman is a better parent simply by
virtue of her sex Billy
[Music]
Kramer vs Kramer